* One of the most popular Java Web Enterprise Software Development Framework.
* Integrates very well with 3rd party libraries
* Uses DI for object relations

###Model 
Closer to data or database.

###View
Presentation Layer & mostly deals with content presentation on html,jsp pages 

###Controller
Intelligent part of the system, connects model to views.

Spring MVC is web development framework which used DI & have MVC Architecture.

##Components
###DispatcherServlet
* This is the first entity in Web Server to which Tomcat forwards Http Request
* This is a class provided by Spring Framework. ( spring-webmvc jar)
* This routes HTTP REQUEST to right controller.
* Controller sends back data ( fetching from models ) along with view name.
* DS finds right view template from view name.
* DS merges model data to view file & sends the resultant HTML to user

###Controller
* There can be many controllers
* Controllers interact with databases & model layer
* Sends view name & model information to Dispatcher Servlet
* Provided by Spring MVC framework

###InternalViewResolver
* DS sends request to right controller
* Controller gets data from models
* Controller needs to send data to views ( pages which will be displayed )
* Controllers tells DS the view name. View name is generated by controller
* DS using InternalViewResolver to create view path.
* InternalViewResolver adds prefix & suffix to view name to create view path

###Notes on Tomcat
* Tomcat uses web.xml for configuration of spring MVC web server
* In web.xml, we mention -'how to create dispatcher servlet'
* We can create multiple dispatcher servlets as well by providing different names & mappings
* web.xml will have dispatcherservlet configuration file

##Configuration
* Add dependencies in pom.xml

    <dependency>
     <groupId>org.springframework</groupId>
     <artifactId>spring-webmvc</artifactId>
     <version>4.3.2.RELEASE</version>
    </dependency>

* Need to have DispatcherServlet Configuration file
   - Controller Package Information
   - InternalViewResolver Object which does mapping between view name & view template
   - Configuration of static resources path & mapping
   - Bean to support file uploads
   - Settings to support file uploads
   - How Spring MVC is configured - Annotation or XML
* Controller 
   - The DS sends Http Req to controllers mentioned in it's config package
   - Among all the controllers, one is chosen based on @RequestMapping information 
   - In the controller, on finding the right match - the function provides view name & model information
   - Return ModelAndView Object - consist of model information & view name
   - Controller returns ModelAndView object to DispatcherServlet
   - DS retrieves view names & uses InternalViewResolver to find view template location.
   
###Sharing information across controller & DispatcherServlet
* Create a ModelAndView object, fill view name & model information. Send this to DispatcherServelet. DS find's view path from view name renders model to it & sends the display page to user.
* DS shares an object with controller, controller fills up the information there. DS can call function with Model/ModelMap object, in the response creation function these objects can be filled up. And, return only view name to DS.

###Sharing information across controller & view
* Controller sends the object to DS that it wants to share with view. Key of the object should be same as commandName value.
* View tells controller the object it is interested in using _commandName_ in the form ( .jsp or other template files )
* If commandName = "s", the key of object from view to DS should also be "s".


##Annotations

###Controller
Any class in controller package wanting to be controller needs to be annotated with @Controller

###RequestMapping
This provides route information to request URLs. If @RequestMapping("uri") is associated with controller class, then in case of uri match, this class might have function to provide response to request.
The Function mapping right for http request can do any of the following
  1. Create a ModelAndView object, fill view name & model information. Send this to DispatcherServelet. DS find's view path from view name renders model to it & sends the display page to user.
  2. DS can call function with Model/ModelMap object, in the response creation function these objects can be filled up. And, return only view name to DS.

###ModelAttribute
This connects data coming from view to controller.
Note: Difference between ModelAttribute & commandName - ModelAttribute is for sharing data between view -> controller. And, commandName for controller -> view

###RequestParam 
For URL created by Http Get Request
@RequestParam("name") String name, @RequestParam("loc")
To provide default information - value="name", required=false, defaultValue="World"

###PathVariable
@RequestMapping("/{name}/{location}")
public ModelAndView getPage(@PathVariable String name, @PathVariable String location){
The 'name' & 'location' goes to the function parameter name & location

###ModelAndView
An object of ModelAndView that is created in controller & populated with view-name, model-name & model. This is returned to the caller of controller functions .i.e dispatcher-servlet (DS). DS uses view-name & finds view-path/template. The model-name is passed to view-template. View-template fetches the model data from model-name using expressions.

###Model and ModelMap
A model or modelMap object reference is passed down from Dispatcher Servlet to controller. Controller adds model-name & model-data to model/modelMap objects. Since, the reference was passed from DS, this information is directly available to DS. And, only view-name is returned in this case to DS. So, similar to ModelAndView both model & view is available to DS. 

##Forms in SpringMVC

###Mo  